# FullStack Website
This is my first project outside of class work or internship work. During my sophomore year I wanted to dive deeper into the possibilities of code and attempted to create a website. Quickly I found an interest in programing outside of class and took the summer before sophomore year learning basics of the web. After sophomore year I was able to build my first website using HTML, CSS and JS only. Realizing I can also build my own back end I started research and was able to finish my first full stack website with node and mongoDB by the end of January 2021. During my project I was focused on understanding how the basic building blocks of the web work and avoided using major frameworks that abstract key ides of the process. I used Node as a javascript runtime and built a server using my html, css and js files. Along the way I was able to practice writing readable code while version controlling with git. I also learned the importance of HTTPS over HTPP, how a basic Rest API can be built, and resources needed to host a website. When I revisit this project, I aim to use typescript for the back end, build a much easier way of management the content on the site and continue to keep learning by avoiding prebuilt libraries and frameworks.
## What I learned
During the project I implemented HTTP and learned how important HTTPS not only to security but to a properly running app. I also leanred how the client and server communicte to create a REST API and the HTTP protocol. Using mongoDB helped me understand CRUD actions and how a front end should be structured to allow easy backend support.
## What I would do differently
When I revisit this project I want to build it using typescript, which will allow me to have more controll and saftey over my back end. I will also have to decide if I will focus on front end design or rely on a frame work. I can alway improve the readability and modularity of my code. 